And The Last Lecture we added some parts or a template here to allow us to manage our ingredients.
Now when I hook up this managed ingredients button to present us with a choice on what you want to do.
So add a new method here to my types of class the EDID recipe types class and all manage ingredients.
I want to open up a so-called action sheet.
Now you can have a look at what this is in the official documentation and directions sheets.
And there you can see a preview.
This is an actual sheet so this option sliding up from the bottom.
And now we will implement this together.
As always if you want to dive super deep into it check out the documentation here and also the API docs
on action sheets to create such an active sheet.
We do need to inject a certain controller and you might recall this pattern from dialogue's.
For example there we also had a dialog controller and it's the same for accedes.
So I'll go to the constructor and add an action sheet controller.
Of course you can choose a different name but in the end it is of type activated controller and this
needs to be imported from ionic angular.
Now if this inject that we can create action here in the on manage ingredients method I would store
this new sheet in a new constant named action sheet.
And here I will say this X Enschede controller create.
So like before with the dialog for example there we also called the create method to create such a controller
such a shit I should say are such a dialogue before manually we actually should control or we need to
pass an object and all possible properties you can set can be found in the documentation.
What you will probably need is a title here I want to say what do you want to do and then 20 percent
a couple of buttons from which the user is able to choose.
That's the main purpose of such an action sheet.
So buttons is an array of buttons and each button can now be a channel script object where we define
the text of the button for example.
Add ingredient and then a handler.
Now come back to this handler later.
For now it will be empty.
Function.
I'll also be fine and that red button this button should be remove all ingredients so that if we already
have ingredients we delete them all so that we are able to clear our list of ingredients and hirable
assign a new property to this button.
The row property which are set to destructive.
Again a list of all away level roles can be found on the official documentation.
What this directive will do is it will automatically make as read so that it really stands out that
this button Well destroys something that we should proceed with caution.
And here again I also need to define a handler which again will be an empty erro function for now I
will revisit this later.
Well and finally I'll add a last button to this.
This button here will simply have a text of cancell and a roll of cancel and I won't assign a handler
and therefore it will simply close the action sheet.
As a side note all buttons will close the action.
But normally the handler code runs before this.
But if you don't have a handler Well it will just close it and that's exactly what the cancel button
should do.
So kind of similar with the buttons of the dialog.
I showed you in the last ep but now this extra steep sliding up from the bottom.
Now it's not doing SUPER much right now right.
With all those handlers being empty.
That populate those handlers with some live in the next lecture.